= devise_restful_auth

First, I'm sorry to have the wheel reinvented one more time.

This gem should help developers who need fine grained control over authorization.

Authorization is meant to be bound to a subject, usually the current_user, an object (which should be inferred from the controller) and a controller/action couple.

Authorization info is stored in the Permission model. There is support for both role based and subject based authorization.

More info, a basic guide and something else should come soon.

== Needed Migrations 

  create_table "permissions", :force => true do |t|
    t.string    "controller"
    t.string    "action"
    t.timestamp "created_at"
    t.timestamp "updated_at"
  end

  create_table "subject_permissions", :force => true do |t|
    t.integer   "subject_id"
    t.string    "subject_type"
    t.integer   "item_id"
    t.string    "item_type"
    t.integer   "permission_id"
    t.timestamp "created_at"
    t.timestamp "updated_at"
  end

You should provide yourself the models for the above migrations w/ routes. A scaffold is a good way at the present time.

== Contributing to devise_restful_auth
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 saten. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

